Hello guys that come to this with you in this video we're going on about how you can write a best or
OK.
The boss that is really good in the eyes or on the eyes of our in the eyes of search engines again.
And we really check that post by using this as open again.
So all you need to do is go to the post to lead the polls that we just wrote the polls.
These is the better looking both.
These are just bad examples that I just showed you.
OK.
Get a room somewhere to move these balls.
I'm going to go to our post and we're going to move to trash apply.
So these are going to be deleted.
OK.
I'm going to go to trash.
I mean I'm going to move these permanently permanently like.
Gay boys are going to loners.
Add a new boys
so like I said Never be content from some other blogs but for the demonstration purpose here how to
best blog post.
I'm just going to add some content from a blog just for demonstration purpose.
Because right now I don't have a lot of content right here.
OK.
So I'm going to copy someone from some other blog and I will show you that how we can optimize that.
But don't ever copy from somewhere else.
OK.
So I'm just doing it for example for showing you.
We are just going to copy some text and you don't have to do it again.
For example this is a nice looking blog a really nice blog.
And you can see what we have here.
Like us on Facebook blogging and recent polls the one that we just added.
And these are my coming posts and these shared icons is a good blog.
You can just make the big blog just looking like this.
This is an awesome first ad all in one blog you can see.
OK.
So the thing is that the settings that I have just showed you in the previous videos you can apply to
selfies to make up an amazing blog like this.
OK.
So let's copy the first post and this is for just the demonstration.
But I'm seeing this again and again I'm forcing you to never copy of content of someone else.
OK.
Because Google really is not like this.
So you can see this volume this board.
It has pictures and headings make sure you add headings and pictures.
If you don't have the video.
No problem.
But if you have a video of the boss it will be more amazing that people will really like it.
All right so let's copy some of the content.
Let's copy this first.
Better get a copy and even a piece
p.
And then we're going to go to the third paragraph.
I'm not writing.
I'm not writing any headings.
We will write.
We will do the headings from these decks that I'm going to go be.
OK.
We tried to I of if it was not got read.
So we have ended that paragraph.
OK.
The verdict is enough I'm going to close it.
All right.
Let's also be the
featured image.
You can see this is the featured in which I'm also going to copy this and the word on the next.
OK.
So let's set up an image and make sure you get a jury.
It's going to be in the.
And yes upload applaud the image upload applaud files
made it the
OK we can image OK.
Featured images.
Gregory's done.
Next is Nurse load.
Let's write some headings for them.
I'm going to make this first line as heading.
Make sure you have some headings like the headings.
OK let's make this heading two or three I think.
Make under that heading.
And I'm going to use
this one as heading.
It doesn't make sense but I'm just going to I just want to show you.
OK.
Adding three.
What else we have here.
OK let's make this a heading heading 3.
OK.
All right headings are enough.
We have the image headings and some good text you never paused we just select the selected the category.
All right.
Now what you need to do here.
OK.
Just watch carefully what I'm going to do that is very important for me.
Or you just create a report that said if all is done learn to optimize it for you the maze.
The main purpose of this video.
The first thing that you need to do here on this the most often these these these options are just for
these 40.
These are not as far as this used Plug-In but it's also important for the athlete.
Now you see this display on this featured image.
What will you do it will display your frigid image.
When ever someone paste the link to Facebook or Twitter or some other social media we will always see
our featured image in the U.S. whenever someone pasted you for all of our posts.
We will see the featured media.
So make sure you can contribute in making this display.
So next thing keep everything as it is.
Now here is the main part used as we see this because of this other nice new blogging as we all know
this is how our post will look in the search engine.
This is how we look in the Google.
Now you can see we don't have the title of our boss.
I forgot I just forgot to write the title.
OK so let's write the title.
This post is about the symptoms and symptoms of some diseases are getting less right.
Of these symptoms some dangerous diseases.
OK this is the director of her post.
The symptoms of some dangerous disease.
So what you can think the most focused Virk what could be the most focus Verd of our posts.
Again what would be the most focused word.
I think the symptoms can be the most focused Verd of this post because we are talking about the symptoms.
Symptoms of something you just did is we're talking about the symptoms.
So the focused word for this post can be symptoms you can see this is symptoms and symptoms of symptom.
Word here well guess at the end of the symptom or so symptom could be the focus of this post.
OK so keep focused word.
Word is important for you.
OK so now here is our we.
Or you can see we have our symptoms of somebody and you just it.
We have the title again no we want entered the focus giver for our boards focused gibbered is important.
Like I said what could be the focus of this post.
It could be symptoms yes.
No you see we have green green beans our s s equal for.
This post is good.
If I just remove this focus gibber and watch what happens.
See it does not show any dating.
It is just showing that it is not good for you or make sure it is green.
OK so the Earth I'm going to add some kind of word here.
OK see it is showing this orange dye.
That means it is not good for the s.
You are just poor again.
It is between the bad and good.
You can see it is just ok for them because we have wrong focus.
We work to make sure you read exect focused giver.
OK so now you can see this is the NLCS.
These are the analyses of our boards.
The first thing that is very bad for this post is no better description has been specified.
But don't worry because the matter is competitive in other medical issues specify the description.
But you can also read the description that is good too good for the.
You are just not really sure the exact reading.
OK so by default it also has a description but you can also write them manually.
What we need to do is read the description.
Copy this text or this text make sure the text that is relevant to this post or what your post about
or you can.
It doesn't have to be the text in the first text or first few lines of your post it doesn't have to
be what you can do.
You can manually write what your post is about.
OK and manually right here what your post is about.
Game this textfield.
I just copied from a former depost.
OK so you can see we don't have the.
That error is gone.
Gone.
OK so now what we are getting a better description haven't specified but it does not contain the full
cost giver.
OK what good is symptoms symptom focused give what is not in this description.
OK better description specified but doesn't exclude it.
Let's add the focus focus keyword.
It is a very long description of some some of it.
OK so let's add the focus.
It may be a sign.
Let's make the sign to symptoms.
It may be a symptom of a serious.
These may be OK.
Keep it as it is.
Are these because we are dumb.
That is OK this is OK.
You can see why it just becomes red because the the length of this description is too much so I'm going
to remove some of it liberally Saunders.
OK now that error is gone because now we have this.
You can see it makes it bored.
That means our focus is here and here.
OK the best is to read Bouvard.
This is below the 300 word ok.
Your text must be greater than 300 but like I said it is good as you get plenty as your post as Leonti
as possible but it should not be too much Leonti for someone to come to your blog and the board is too
much left.
Maybe just go away.
Ok made the post that is not do much Leonti and not too much chartable game make make it look good post
must not be greater than 1000 words.
OK you can see off a few hundred words and make sure it is also not less than three words.
OK so you can see this as using that definition in reverse but it should begin to the of words.
OK but it is not very bad.
It is just OK you can see what it means.
OK and that means dead.
Red means bad.
OK.